doc: release-notes-changelog: nRF54LM20 support in Coremark and Fast Pair (#24114)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth Fast Pair samples
---------------------------

> * Added support for the :zephyr:board:`nrf54lm20dk` board in the following samples:
> 
>   * :ref:`fast_pair_locator_tag`
>   * :ref:`fast_pair_input_device`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for the :zephyr:board:`nrf54lm20dk` board in all Fast Pair samples.
```

To align with the previous convention:
https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-3.0.0.html#bluetooth_fast_pair_samples

Other samples
-------------

* :ref:`coremark_sample` sample:

>   * Added support for the :zephyr:board:`nrf54lm20dk` board target.

Author: We don't have software maturity level table for Coremark. Do you think I should still add the `experimental` word?
